# Git Introduction

Please follow these steps to get familiar with Git.

## Step 0

(For Team Leader) Please click "Use this template", and then click "Create a new repository". Name your new repository, then **set it to private**.

## Step 1

(For Team Leader) Please invite your team members to your repository.

## Step 2

- (For Team Leader) Please create a file named `hello2.py`, add some random code, commit your changes with message "hello 2", and push your changes to the remote repository.

- (For Team Members) Please pull the remote changes from the remote repository to your local repository.

## Step 3

- (For Team Leader) Please change `print("Hello!")` to `print("Olleh!")` in `hello.py`, then commit and push your changes.

- (For One Team Member) Please change `print("Hello!")` to `print("hello")` in `hello.py`, then commit and try to push your changes. What happens now?

## Step 4

- (For Team Leader) Please add a function `hi()`, write something, then commit and push your changes.

- (For One Team Member) Please add a function `hiii()`, write something, then commit and try to push your changes. What happens now?

**NOTE: Please DO NOT use `git push -f` if you are unsure about the CONSEQUENCES!**

# Lecture 2

## Folder `assets`

In a game development context, an assets folder typically contains essential resources that the game requires for its functionality, visual elements, etc. This folder commonly includes images, audio files, level design data (which, you can simply think of this as, the files that save your map, like tiles, special pickups, etc.)  
Organizing these resources in an assets folder helps streamline development and makes it easier to manage and update the game's content.  

## Folder `__pycache__`

**The "pycache" is a directory created when you import code from other files, such as** `from SceneManager import SceneManager`. It is automatically generated by Python when it compiles and stores bytecode files (.pyc) for modules to improve execution speed.

These files contain pre-compiled versions of Python source code, making the code execution faster upon subsequent runs. The "pycache" directory is created within the same directory as the Python script or module and helps reduce the need for recompilation, enhancing the efficiency of Python programs.

**You should add it to .gitignore**, because there is no meaning update it during your development. While others runs your code, it will be generated again and cover the version you uploaded.  